I don't want you unfilial husband
So this is the white-eyed wolf?
You look good
I didn't expect such a person
She's pretty.
I didn't expect to abandon my adoptive parents
Simply a snake and scorpion heart
Mom, let's go back and find something, okay?
Go back and say you unfilial daughter
We went to you and you kicked us out
How did I give birth to such an unfilial daughter?
When will you come to me?
I don't know.
I don't care if you know
You must give us 1 million today
Otherwise, I will let the leadership of the company
All your friends know that you are an unfilial daughter
Dad?
What are you trying to do?
Are you going to destroy me?
I don't care. You're gonna give us 1 million
Sister-in-law, we will not leave
How can I 1 million?
Didn't you mean to embarrass me?
I'm telling you, if you don't give us 1 million today
Your dad and I want the company to be
You must
Then you make trouble
Hey, why did the uncle go back?
Come and have a look, this unfilial daughter
He has developed
Forget your parents
Come and see
Mom, let me go